Add known-bug header. (#1311)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/tests/ui.md

test won't work properly with that override.

## Known bugs

The `known-bug` header may be used for tests that demonstrate a known bug that
has not yet been fixed.

> Adding tests for known bugs is helpful for several reasons:
> 
> 1. Maintains a functional test that can be conveniently reused when the bug is fixed.
> 2. Provides a sentinel that will fail if the bug is incidentally fixed.
>    This can alert the developer so they know that the associated issue has
>    been fixed and can possibly be closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding tests for known bugs is helpful for several reasons, including:

1. Maintaining a functional test that can be conveniently reused when the bug is fixed.
2. Providing a sentinel that will fail if the bug is incidentally fixed.
   This can alert the developer so they know that the associated issue has
   been fixed and can possibly be closed.
```

Do not include [error annotations](#error-annotations) in a test with `known-bug`.

> Otherwise, the test should include the normal headers and stdout/stderr files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test should still include other normal headers and stdout/stderr files.
```
